So calculate the marginal contribution for a single feature.
In other words, calculate this.
So fill in the function that takes in the custom tree object,
just here, a sample data point,
which is this lowercase x,
and a list containing the set of features in
set S. So S is a set of features that does not include feature I.
Also, taking the feature for which we want to
calculate the marginal contribution. So here's a hint.
The Python set class has the number function.add,
and also note that you may need to use the.copy function as well. Here's what I mean.
So let's just create some temporary variable,
and let's create a set,
let's say contains feature zero.
So now, if we took that set and we did add and let's say we add feature one,
notice now that temp has been modified in place,
so now is a set containing both zero and one.
So you can imagine if we start with set S and we want to add feature I,
then we'll be changing the original variable set S. So to avoid doing that,
consider using the copy function.
So go ahead and try to implement this,
and then you can check out the solution video.